Morning Reading 2016-11-06
  [In an office in Singapore]

Page 1
Mr.Zhang: Thank you for meeting me, june.

June Tang: It's my pleasure Mr.zhang. How'd the dinner with the kempinski group go last night?

Zhang: It went well, thanks you for asking. Please, take a seat... How long have you been with us now, June?


June: About two years now. I joined around the same time as Kala Singh. We were both put on the Jurong project.

Zhang: How are you feeling about your work here?

June: ... I feel like we're making a lot of headway. There've been a few snags when dealing with the Construction Authority, but the deputy director's become more open to our proposal after our Macao trip a few weeks ago. She's confident that the director will see light very soon... You can rest assured, the project is advancing, Mr. Zhang. 

Zhang: *smiles* I know it is... That's why I'm taking you off of it.

June: ... I'm afraid I don't understand.

Zhang: Do your feel comfortable here, June?

June: Of course, sir!

Zhang: It's a long way from back home. Singapore isn't to the likinng of everyone.

June: I think I've proven time and again that I can thrive in any evironment, Mr.Zhang. Is there someting specific about my work that you're dissatisfied with?

Zhang: No, in fact, just the opposite.  That's why I'm going to give you an opportunity. We're openning a new port in the US.

June: In the US... You mean we actually got the Baltimore contract? I thought the Germans had already won that!

Zhang: Mr. Kohl and the city government had a disagreement, apparently. Our terms were much more agreeable. We're going to need a permanet presence there, June. I'm afraid this won't be something you can manage from the cabin of a 787. Can you accept that?

June: Of course! This is ex--

Zhang: And, more importantly, can your family?

June:...

Zhang: indecision doesn't suit you, june.


June: Yes. Yes, we can.

Zhang: *nods* Achmed whill take over your team here. Maggie Fan's already in Baltimore, she's expecting your on the nineteenth. You'll have the details by the end of the day.

June: Thank you, sir.

Zhang: ... June. Be careful over there. Maggie says there's already been one protest organized over the sale of the port. This isn't goging to be a poplular project and the city councli isn't known for its stability. 

June: We're not known for our fragility.

Zhang: *simles*



------
Page 2

headway: making progress in a project, doing good work on a project


snag: a small problem in a project,  someting that makes a project late

Construction Authority: part of the Singaporean government that decides which companies can build buildings.


director: the boss of a company or government office 

deputy director: a person who helps a director 

to be open to: to be able to accept a new idea

proposal: a business plan

to see the light: to decide to do the right thing

to rest assured: to be confident

to be to the liking of someone: when someone likes something [example: Cake is to the liking of me. (I like cake.)]

time and again: again and again, many times

thrive: to do really good work, tobe happy

enviroment: the place where you live or work, all the people and places around you

to be dissatisfied: to be unhappy

port: the place where ships stay in a city, where the put products onto ships and take products off of ships

terms: the requirments in a contract

cabin of a 787: the seats on a big airplane that can fly over oceans

indecision: where you can't make a choice quickly

protest: when people walk in the street, and yell and shout and carry signs to show everyone in a city how angry they are about something

city council: the government of a city

stability: being safe and not falling or changing easily

fragility: being weak and getting hurt very easily



